Welcome back.
Let's get into some fun interview questions.
We're going to start off with a very very common one and it shouldn't be too complicated to start us
off the interviewer asks you can you create a function that reverses a string.
So if you passed into this function right here.
Hi my name is Andre.
It should return this gibberish that is.
Oh and I forgot m here.
His gibberish that is well backwards.
It's just simply reversing a string.
Now I wanted to go ahead and try this in your own reptile that i t or whichever text editor you use
and see if he can think through the problem use what you know about arrays to solve this.
Now keep in mind when it comes to questions like these there are many ways to do things as programmers
we know this right.
There are so many ways to solve a problem and depending on our style our knowledge and time we're going
to come up with different solutions.
So if your answer is different than mine.
Well that's not the worst thing.
What you want to be able to do is to think through a problem and understand why you made those decisions.
So go ahead reverse the string and I'll see you in the solution video.